[IMP] Appraisals - Update schedule appraisals (#16415)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/appraisals/schedule_appraisals.rst

To create a new appraisal, open the :menuselection:`Appraisals` app, and click the :guilabel:`New`
button in the upper-left corner. This opens a blank :guilabel:`Appraisals` form.

First, select the employee being evaluated in the :guilabel:`Employee to review` field using the
drop-down menu. Once an employee is selected, their manager populates the :guilabel:`Appraisers`
field. The :guilabel:`Job` and :guilabel:`Department` fields are populated according to the
information on the employee record.

The :guilabel:`Appraisal Date` is when the appraisal is scheduled to be completed, and is scheduled

> to be closed a month from the current day. Using the calendar selector, adjust the date, if desired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :guilabel:`Appraisal Date` is when the appraisal is scheduled to be completed, usually one month from the current date. The date can be adjusted with the calendar selector.
```

deadline is one month from the current date, but can be adjusted using the calendar selector.

Once the appraisal is marked as complete, a :guilabel:`Next Appraisal Date` field appears, and is
populated with the date of the next appraisal. If there is an :ref:`appraisal plan
<appraisals/appraisal-plan>` configured, the :guilabel:`Next Appraisal Date` field displays
:guilabel:`Ongoing`. This indicates that the following appraisal will be scheduled according to the
appraisal schedule.

Last, select the desired :guilabel:`Template`. The :guilabel:`Default` template populates this field
by default, and is created when the **Appraisals** app is installed. Using the drop-down menu,
select a different template, if desired.

Once the information in the top-half of the :guilabel:`Appraisals` form is complete, click the
:guilabel:`Confirm` button in the upper-left corner. The appraisal is scheduled, the employee and
any other appraisers are notified, and both the employee and appraisers can start to fill out the
appraisal.

Two additional fields appear once the appraisal is confirmed: a :guilabel:`Target Job` and a

> :guilabel:`Final Rating` field. The :guilabel:`Target Job`  allows the manager to select a job

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Final Rating` field. The :guilabel:`Target Job` allows the manager to select a job
```
